src/pages/privacy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Policies
description: The StudyU Privacy Policies
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# Privacy Policies

## Website

This website is hosted with Docusaurus on github.io. Refer
to [GitHub's Privacy Statement](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement)
for more information about how your data is processed.

## StudyU App

This is the privacy policy of the StudyU app. It applies from December 16, 2020. You will be
prompted to acknowledge this information the first time you use the StudyU app.

### Which data is stored?

The StudyU app creates a local user with each app installation with a random pseudonym (‘user ID’)
to ensure the anonymity of users. This is done so that the StudyU app can retrieve your data from
the backend. No personal data is stored. Only you know which identifier belongs to you and nobody
else. The StudyU app stores the study participation data that you enter as a user, i.e., when and
whether you did a study intervention and the observation information you give in the app
questionnaires. No study eligibility information and no further app usage data is collected. When
you use the app, a new session object is stored. Each session includes a timestamp and the action (
‘signup’ for first use and ‘login’). This information is automatically created
by [Supabase](https://supabase.com/), which we use as a backend, and is not further used.

We use the service Sentry (Sentry, 1501 Mariposa St #408, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA) to improve
the technical stability of our service by monitoring system stability and identifying code errors.
Sentry serves these purposes alone and does not evaluate data for advertising purposes. User data,
such as device details or time of error, are collected anonymously and are not used in a
personalized manner and are subsequently deleted. All data is processed
fully [compliant with GDPR](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/). For more information, please see Sentry's
privacy policy: https://sentry.io/privacy/

### Why is data stored?

The data is solely stored in order to conduct and evaluate N-of-1 trials using the StudyU platform.

### When is data stored?

Your anonymous user ID is created when you accept the terms and conditions in the app. Every time
you complete a task or answer a questionnaire accompanying a task, the data is stored.

### Where is data stored?

Your anonymous data is stored directly on your device and sent and stored on our backend, which is
hosted with Supabase. For Google users, the app’s data might be stored on the user’s Google Drive by
using [Auto Backup](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/autobackup). Google claims that
the backups are end-to-end encrypted, allowing no third-party to access your study data. Apple users
can back up their app data end-to-end encrypted with iCloud. Please refer to
the [iCloud data security overview](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303) for more information.

### Who has access to the data in which way?

Only the StudyU development team (see imprint) has direct read and write rights to the backend. The
study participation data, i.e., intervention and observation data, can be downloaded by researchers
via the StudyU designer website. The researcher can define access and downloading rights of the
study, which is then described in the consent part of the app where you can read it. The access can
be unrestricted, everybody who visits the website can download CSV data of published studies,
including your anonymized study data – but it can also be restricted to the researcher.

### Which rights do I have regarding my data?

Editing your data is not possible via the app after you finish a task or a questionnaire. Only in
the backend, which can only be accessed by the StudyU development team, data can be edited
retrospectively. Via the StudyU app settings you can delete all your data, i.e., your anonymous user
and session data, or opt-out of the current study, which only deletes the study data of the current
study. However, if researchers already downloaded the participation data in CSV format, this data
cannot be deleted by us. In case you have any questions or concerns please contact us. You can find
our contact information in the imprint.

## StudyU Designer

This is the privacy policy of the StudyU designer. It applies from December 16, 2020. You will be
prompted to acknowledge this information every time you store a study in the study designer; we will
not notify you if the information is updated because we do not store any data regarding your usage
of the StudyU designer.

### Which data is stored?

In the StudyU designer, only data you enter as part of the study definition is stored. No user
accounts are used for the access of StudyU designer and no usage data is collected. Entered study
data may include personal contact information; which information you include is up to you. When you
enter information please ensure that it complies with applicable law.

### Why is data stored?

The data is solely stored in order to conduct and evaluate N-of-1 trials using the StudyU platform.

### When is data stored?

The data is sent to the StudyU designer backend and stored only when you save a study as a draft or
when you publish a study. Until that point the data only exists on your client, i.e., the web
browser you are using.

### Where is data stored?

The backend is hosted with [Supabase](https://supabase.io). When a user participates in a published
study, a copy of the study definition – including all information you entered via the StudyU
designer – is created and sent to the user’s device.

### Who has access to the data in which way?

Only the StudyU development team (see imprint) has direct read and write rights to the backend.
Users who participate in published studies can view the entered information. The access to the
information you published with the StudyU designer can be restricted. You can decide whether to give
access to everyone or only to invited participants. In addition, you can publish the study design
and optionally the study data in the study registry. Published studies can be viewed and – if study
data have been shared – all data pertaining to the study can be downloaded.

### Which rights do I have regarding my data?

You can view all data on the StudyU designer website. You can edit and delete draft studies via the
StudyU designer. When studies are published, you cannot edit or delete them anymore. When a
published study is conducted by users, all study information present at the time of publishing is
accessible to them. If studies are published, only the development team can edit or delete them.
Please refer to the contact information given in the imprint. The development team can only edit and
delete data from the backend, not what was downloaded and stored by participants.

Commit message:

fix: replace imprint with legal notice

src/pages/privacy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Policies
description: The StudyU Privacy Policies
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# Privacy Policies

## Website

This website is hosted with Docusaurus on github.io. Refer
to [GitHub's Privacy Statement](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement)
for more information about how your data is processed.

## StudyU App

This is the privacy policy of the StudyU app. It applies from December 16, 2020. You will be
prompted to acknowledge this information the first time you use the StudyU app.

### Which data is stored?

The StudyU app creates a local user with each app installation with a random pseudonym (‘user ID’)
to ensure the anonymity of users. This is done so that the StudyU app can retrieve your data from
the backend. No personal data is stored. Only you know which identifier belongs to you and nobody
else. The StudyU app stores the study participation data that you enter as a user, i.e., when and
whether you did a study intervention and the observation information you give in the app
questionnaires. No study eligibility information and no further app usage data is collected. When
you use the app, a new session object is stored. Each session includes a timestamp and the action (
‘signup’ for first use and ‘login’). This information is automatically created
by [Supabase](https://supabase.com/), which we use as a backend, and is not further used.

We use the service Sentry (Sentry, 1501 Mariposa St #408, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA) to improve
the technical stability of our service by monitoring system stability and identifying code errors.
Sentry serves these purposes alone and does not evaluate data for advertising purposes. User data,
such as device details or time of error, are collected anonymously and are not used in a
personalized manner and are subsequently deleted. All data is processed
fully [compliant with GDPR](https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/). For more information, please see Sentry's
privacy policy: https://sentry.io/privacy/

### Why is data stored?

The data is solely stored in order to conduct and evaluate N-of-1 trials using the StudyU platform.

### When is data stored?

Your anonymous user ID is created when you accept the terms and conditions in the app. Every time
you complete a task or answer a questionnaire accompanying a task, the data is stored.

### Where is data stored?

Your anonymous data is stored directly on your device and sent and stored on our backend, which is
hosted with Supabase. For Google users, the app’s data might be stored on the user’s Google Drive by
using [Auto Backup](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/autobackup). Google claims that
the backups are end-to-end encrypted, allowing no third-party to access your study data. Apple users
can back up their app data end-to-end encrypted with iCloud. Please refer to
the [iCloud data security overview](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303) for more information.

### Who has access to the data in which way?

Only the StudyU development team (see legal notice) has direct read and write rights to the backend. The
study participation data, i.e., intervention and observation data, can be downloaded by researchers
via the StudyU designer website. The researcher can define access and downloading rights of the
study, which is then described in the consent part of the app where you can read it. The access can
be unrestricted, everybody who visits the website can download CSV data of published studies,
including your anonymized study data – but it can also be restricted to the researcher.

### Which rights do I have regarding my data?

Editing your data is not possible via the app after you finish a task or a questionnaire. Only in
the backend, which can only be accessed by the StudyU development team, data can be edited
retrospectively. Via the StudyU app settings you can delete all your data, i.e., your anonymous user
and session data, or opt-out of the current study, which only deletes the study data of the current
study. However, if researchers already downloaded the participation data in CSV format, this data
cannot be deleted by us. In case you have any questions or concerns please contact us. You can find
our contact information in the legal notice.

## StudyU Designer

This is the privacy policy of the StudyU designer. It applies from December 16, 2020. You will be
prompted to acknowledge this information every time you store a study in the study designer; we will
not notify you if the information is updated because we do not store any data regarding your usage
of the StudyU designer.

### Which data is stored?

In the StudyU designer, only data you enter as part of the study definition is stored. No user
accounts are used for the access of StudyU designer and no usage data is collected. Entered study
data may include personal contact information; which information you include is up to you. When you
enter information please ensure that it complies with applicable law.

### Why is data stored?

The data is solely stored in order to conduct and evaluate N-of-1 trials using the StudyU platform.

### When is data stored?

The data is sent to the StudyU designer backend and stored only when you save a study as a draft or
when you publish a study. Until that point the data only exists on your client, i.e., the web
browser you are using.

### Where is data stored?

The backend is hosted with [Supabase](https://supabase.io). When a user participates in a published
study, a copy of the study definition – including all information you entered via the StudyU
designer – is created and sent to the user’s device.

### Who has access to the data in which way?

Only the StudyU development team (see legal notice) has direct read and write rights to the backend.
Users who participate in published studies can view the entered information. The access to the
information you published with the StudyU designer can be restricted. You can decide whether to give
access to everyone or only to invited participants. In addition, you can publish the study design
and optionally the study data in the study registry. Published studies can be viewed and – if study
data have been shared – all data pertaining to the study can be downloaded.

### Which rights do I have regarding my data?

You can view all data on the StudyU designer website. You can edit and delete draft studies via the
StudyU designer. When studies are published, you cannot edit or delete them anymore. When a
published study is conducted by users, all study information present at the time of publishing is
accessible to them. If studies are published, only the development team can edit or delete them.
Please refer to the contact information given in the legal notice. The development team can only edit and
delete data from the backend, not what was downloaded and stored by participants.
